Early Elder
You just happened to be him.
I don't know where he got in from
He also relied on Chen Zhixiong's people to support him
Otherwise, I would have broken his dog leg long ago
Oh.
Is it the first old
This has nothing to do with Mr. Wan
Find me if you want
Don't worry about fairness, he can't move
Chu Lao, did you see it?
I don't know they are Dingtai
Where did the group go wrong?
Gotta protect this wimp
My brain is flooded too
How could you fall in love with such a person?
Fortunately, it didn't go further.
Otherwise, if it gets out
You're going to lose face next time
This guy is outspoken
If you let Elder Chu know how you treat him
Tell me about it.
It's easy to beat him
This kid is dead
What did you just say?
Who are you calling trash?
I said he was trash
How dare you say that our eldest young master is trash
How dare you!